Hello Devin :)

> Is their a certain time that a user should ask questions?

Certainly not.

> Are people or mods notified when a question arrives.

We (mods) have just a list of latest questions in every track. This is not a best tool, as we are not able to check if question is answered or not. Plus there is a problem with marking questions, so there is often a situation when we are responding to the same question.

Normal users does not have this ability. But maybe it will be changed soon (( hope so).

------

Problem is, that there is ~250 questions per day. On the ranking of users with 'most answers' I am at the 14th place. Pretty high, right? Especially in comparison to the total number of users. How many questions I answered? 589. In fact, during the months of work, I covered only 2 - 3 days... It is no longer impressive, right?

Please note that this is not our job. Every moderator has work / studies / projects / families etc. This is our volunteering. Looking at the number of active moderators, I am astonished that we are able to answer most questions.

We are not a cyborgs :)

Devin, you did not sounded like a jerk. Now I feel like one. I did not wanted to sound offended or something like that. I just wanted to respond to your questions and show you my point of view. Your post was really pleasant for me, as you asked just because you wanted to know how to help others, so no worries, everything is good. I am from Poland, and for many years I tried to learn English, but obviously I feel more comfortable with programming languages ;)

I can ensure you that Q&A forums are treated very serious by codecademy staff. They are working on improving them and I know that creation of tools to make helping others easy for normal users is on their todo list. As for now, we do not have anything better to offer. But I can assure you that we appreciate every help, even one question answered is few more seconds / minutes for us to respond for question of another user.

I would point out also that QA is not the only section where mods are active. Many users are upset that their questions remain unanswered for hours. But they do not know that, for example, our great moderator - Roy fought few days ago with the large wave of spam for many hours. I just want to let you know, that we are doing our best, even if it is not always visible.

Thank you for your kind words and for helping others. We really appreciate it, sometimes we just do not have time to say that ;)